---
layout: default
title: View Case Details
parent: How to? Guide
grand_parent: Instrumentor Platform
nav_order: 2
has_children: false
---

## Viewing Case Details

You can select any case from "My Cases" screen to view details. The "Case Details" screen shows you following details ...

1. **Case Type**: Click the pencil icon next to "Case Type" to customize its name.
2. **Case Metadata**: This section includes information about the user who uploaded or recorded the case, the timestamp of the upload or recording, and the case duration.
3. **Case Video**: Utilize the embedded video player to watch the case video. The top toolbar enables drawing directly on the video, and you can speed up playback by 4 times using the "fast forward" button.
4. **Notes**: The right-hand pane displays notes, annotations, and voice memos from both yourself and other users who share access to the case.
5. **Summarized Video**: In this section, you can access a list of all your summary videos, including automated summaries generated by MediX. Additionally, you have the option to create new summary videos using the annotations and voice memos associated with the case video.
6. **Comments**: Engage in discussions about the case within the comments section. To facilitate precise references to the video timeline, use the #mm:ss shortcut format (e.g., #1:27) to create links that allow easy navigation to specific times in the video.

---

**A video walkthrough of how to view case details and add a comment**

<iframe width="854" height="480" src="/assets/media/instrumentor/view-case-details.mp4" frameborder="0" autplay="false" allowfullscreen></iframe>
